(It's the concert day!)
(The members of LOOΠΔ checking the script together!)
HeeJin: It's a dream, and also it's a moment that make our dreams come true!
Yves: We will stay together and will have a great time and make happy memories, right?
All: We are LOOΠΔ!
All: Thank you!
JinSoul: It's the day of the debut concert!
JinSoul: I think I slept just 3 hours... maybe?
Choerry: Ah, hello~
Choerry: Finally, we're really going to do a debut concert!
Choerry: But I'm not nervous at all
Choerry: Because I'm so busy right now~
Choerry: But I guess I will be nervous when I'm on the stage, right?
(HaSeul & Choerry joined as a trainee at the same time)
HaSeul: Right, we joined at the same time
Choerry: Join at the same time, and debut at the same time!
HaSeul: Yeah, finally we did it!
Choerry: Finally did it!
HaSeul: I'm so proud of it!
Yves: I couldn't believe that I'm about to make a debut this morning
Yves: I even told the members like this in the car
Yves: Guys, it's the debut! We're finally making a debut~
YeoJin: Isn't it shocking?
YeoJin: Hello, have you heard of 'YeoJinSoul'?
YeoJin: It's JinSoul's hair piece
YeoJin: JinSoul uses this piece~
YeoJin: I think this blonde hair piece looks good on me...
YeoJin: ...
YeoJin: Looks like a dog...
YeoJin: You know what I mean, right?
YeoJin: Very fresh and new!